add new external posts to blog (#311)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-07-17-cilium-vs-calico/index.md

---
date: '2023-07-17T10:12:00.000Z'
title: 'Comparing Networking Solutions for Kubernetes: Cilium vs. Calico vs. Flannel'
ogImage: ogimage.png

> ogSummary: 'Explore the intricacies and subtleties surrounding three widely used Kubernetes networking plugins: Calico, Flannel, and Cilium.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Explore the intricacies and subtleties surrounding three widely used Kubernetes networking plugins: Calico, Flannel, and Cilium'
```
